SOLR-16228: Audit how we refer to Solr Modules (#889)
apache/solr: solr/solr-ref-guide/modules/query-guide/pages/analytics.adoc

The component enables interacting with data in a variety of ways, both through a diverse set of analytics functions as well as powerful faceting functionality.
The standard facets are supported within the analytics component with additions that leverage its analytical capabilities.

== Module

> This is provided via a xref:configuration-guide:solr-modules.adoc[Solr Module] that needs to be enabled before use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is provided via the `analytics` xref:configuration-guide:solr-modules.adoc[Solr Module] that needs to be enabled before use.
```

> The module name is `analytics`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
